Our e-learning system may not be understand by our community-gamers
Author’s lecture notes, class test papers, home assignments etc. may be modified / destroyed by 
hackers through the above attacks.
Main risks in E-Learning involve inelegant people masquerading as Students and writing tests
on behalf of enrolled Students.
Designing, developing, and delivering E-Learning products requires a quality of hardware 
components such as high ended web server & database server ,high bandwidth internet leased line ,
 along with a robust infrastructure capable of sustaining multiple users and networked applications.
Confidentiality violation : An unauthorized party gaining access of the assets present in E-Learning system.
Denial of Service : Prevention of legitimate access rights by disrupting traffic during the transaction
 among the users of E-Learning system. 

System team should suggest the remedies of these risks properly otherwise total project cost will be
 almost double. We presented the risks that may occur by different participants of E-Learning and its counter 
measure tools/ techniques to minimize those risks.

Non-Functional Requirements

- The application must be built in Vue.js and Laravel
- The application must be hosted on Ps.Kz
- The application must use PayBox for payment processing
- The application must work in all modern browsers
- The application must be responsive (work well and look good on all screen sizes)
- The application must be secured from copypast (video courses should be undownloadable)

In weekly meetings with our team we discussed about: How the project is to be implemented?
What are various constraints(time costs and staff)? 
What is market strategy?
We worked with sitemap which does not coincides with our preferences and Nursultan made it again.
We made simple list of major pages of our site and elements which will be in them.
We sketched first wireframes of  what will be seen on Administration module, lecturer mofule, and student module.
We also discussed about site responsiveness. It is not required but it takes to much work on it.
And assumed about future risks